, добрый день!) Подскажите, возможно Вы или Ваши коллеги ищете в команду python-разработчика?)
Я имею отличные навыки разработки на python, обладаю знаниями фреймворка Django, MySQL.
Буду рад присоединиться к команде:) Благодарю!


, good afternoon!
Tell me, maybe you or your colleagues are looking for a team python developer?)
I have excellent python development skills knowledge of Django framework, MySQL.
I would be happy to join team :)
Thanks!



Привет! Меня зовут Владимир. Мне 39 лет.
Я нахожусь в поиске команды Python разработчиков для совместной успешной работы и очень ждал это собеседование.
У меня есть семья: два сына и жена.
Я инженер-конструктор. В 2006 году закончил БНТУ. Сразу после университета начал работать по специальности.
Принимал участие в конструировании и расчете металлоконструкций и механизмов в энергосистеме Беларуси. Например,
разработал проект вентиляционных труб высотой около ста метров на белорусской атомной станции.
Неоднократно получала благодарность от руководства по результатам работы.
В своей работе для расчета применял язык программирования Pascal. Несколько лет назад перешел на Python.
В основном это были программы для расчета на прочность и устойчивость. Модули расчета металлопроката.
Однажды я понял, что у меня появился интерес к более углубленному изучению Python.
Около двух лет назад я начал самостоятельное изучение языка программирования Python и framework Django.
К настоящему моменту достиг определенного прогресса в web разработке.
В течении последнего года мною были написаны несколько проектов на framework Django и Django REST.
А также несколько игр при помощи PyGame, телеграмм-бот.
Я каждый день узнаю что-нибудь новое из Python, Django или SQL.
В декабре 2021 года начал обучение в IT School OVERONE.

Я верю, что мой опыт будет полезен и интересен Вашей компании.

О себе могу сказать, что я трудолюбив, внимателен, организован, эффективно решаю поставленные задачи
в команде коллег.

Спасибо, что внимательно и с интересом меня слушали!
Командная работа, Работоспособность,  Трудолюбие,  Решение поставленных задач,  Коммуникабельность







Hey! My name is Vladimir.
I am looking for a team of Python developers to work together successfully.

What about my life.
I have a family: two sons and wife.
I realy love my family!
I like swimming, bicycle and traveling together.

Now I will tell you about my current work.
I am a design engineer. In 2006 I finished studying BNTU. Following the university,
I began to work in my specialty. I took part in the design and calculation of metal structures
and mechanisms in the energy system of Belarus. For example, I developed a project for ventilation
pipes about a hundred meters high at the Belarusian nuclear power plant.
First. In my work, I used the Pascal programming language for calculation. Then, a few years ago,
I started to use Python. Basically, these were programs for calculating strength and stability.
Modules for calculating rolled metal products.

Now I will tell you about my most achievement in web development.
I developed a project Weather service. This application allows you to get weather information
for cities as you wish. This is a very user-friendly interface based on the API of a well-known
weather company.

One day I realized that I had an interest in learning more about Python. About two years ago,
I started learning the Python programming language and the Django framework on my own.
I’d say. To date, I reached some progress in web development.
Over the past year, I have written several projects on the Django framework and Django REST.
As well as several games using PyGame, and a telegram bot.
I learn something new every day about Python, Django or SQL.
In December 2021, I began studying at IT School OVERONE.
I believe that my experience will be useful and interesting for your company.

About myself I can say that I am smart, hardworking,  organized and can be usefull in a team of colleagues.
That’s  about it.
Thank you for your attention!


My questions.
What technologies are used on the project?
Can you describe a typical day in the job?
Can you tell my about the team I will work with?






did you mean ….
designer experience
for my personally
Its a bit of both -  и то и другое

Let me see – дайте подумать
Give me a minute

quite - довольно
on the fly – на ходу
still – тем не менее

What are your main achievements?
What was your biggest challenge?

I developed a project for lifting a huge container weighing 100 tons to a height of 50 meters
without the help of a Construction crane. It was a complex scheme using winches and ropes and metal structures.
Everything was done without insurance. We did it.


What are your main skills?

I have skills in following tehnologies:
Python3, Django, Django REST, SQL, GIT, PyCharm.

What are your advantages?
About myself I can say that I am smart, hardworking,  organized and can be usefull in a team of colleagues.
Teamwork. Working capacity.

What are your disadvantages?
I think I am a team member. And it would be difficult for me to work without the support of colleagues.
And I will never refuse my help.


I made a decision…...
